Let's go ahead and take a look back
on lesson three and what we did.
>> We started off by talking to
you about shorting your board, and
how you can kind of avoid doing it.
We wanted to talk to you about managing
the range of the DC adapter that you
might choose for your board,
how it's between 6.5 volts and 18 volts.
Don't go over it, probably won't be
getting much functionality of it if you
go under it, but
definitely don't go over it.
We touched-base on how you might
disconnect the DC adapter without
powering it down appropriately.
Just like any other computer,
shut down, wait for
the signal to die out from your screen,
and then unplug it.
We also talked about GPIOs.
>> Yeah.
So, make sure when you
look at the documentation,
you only use the specific GPIOs.
Don't, again,
do anything that you're not aware of.
So I believe the GPIOs you're allowed
to use is like 902 and above,
don't do number 611 or whatever.
And again, you'll learn more about this
in course during on how to access these
various GPIOs.
And finally, we went over how to not
delete your partition tables which can be
accessed somehow if you snoop around
a little going very in-depth in that.
And don't interrupt your flashing
process as that can cause some corrupt
images being flashed onto your EEMC flash.
>> In our procedure documents for
this particular lesson,
we are going to include some of the GPIOs
that we found to be troublesome.
We'll make sure to put those in there so
that you can kind of avoid those.
[LAUGH]
>> Yeah.